# Scripts

## Phonopy Scripts

### Copy and Run All

**Input:** # of POSCAR files generated by phonopy

**Description:** This script is to be used for calculating phonon dispersion by displacement method by vasp & phonopy. Phonopy creates several POSCAR files in order to run the calculations. Then one need to combine all the files to see the phonon dispersion. The Copy and Run All script checks for all the vasp input files. If everything is ok then creates # of simulation folders, copies all the input files and POSCAR, then creates job.mpi script & finally submit the job to cluster. It is assumed that the job sceduler for the cluster is **slurm**.

### Run Everything

**Input:** # of POSCAR files generated by phonopy

**Description:** This script combines all the output files generated by vasp and combines them into **FORCE_SETS** that is required by phonopy in order to do post-processing.

## MATLAB Scripts

### Surface Plot

This script will generate surface plot and output file for Origin

**Input**           : textfile given in filename

**Input format**    : col1(X values) col2(Y Values: repeating for each X)
                 : col3(Z values)

**Example Data**    : X  Y      Z

                : 1  1      11
                : 1  2      22
                : 2  1      33
                : 2  2      44

**Author:** Bishwajit, May 2015. bdebn001@ucr.edu,
Protik, Aug 2015. pdas001@ucr.edu

**Version:** 1.2

## Job Submission scripts

### Job submission script for Gordon supercomputer in SDSC

This scripts removes old files from staging area, then copies vasp INPUT
files to staging are. User needs to give the input of certain variables.
These are:  
* JOB_NAME		-> Name of the job  
* MODE        -> Copy mode: scf, ek or hse  
* EXEC_NAME   -> Name of the executable (vasp or vasp_ncl)  
* NODE	      -> Number of nodes intended  
* CORE	      -> Number of cores per node  
* TIME	      -> Max time for the job  
* MAIL	      -> Mail address to send job status  
* STT 	      -> States to send the mail.   
 		             a for abort, b for begin, e for end  
